README.md, before:

<!-- README.md for GitHub Profile -->

<div align="center">

# 👋 Hi, I'm Xander Clermon!

</div>

---

<div align="center">

### 🧠 About Me

</div>

Hello! 👋 I'm a junior developer passionate about creating efficient and elegant solutions. Currently, I am actively learning **Python** and **Rust**, aiming to broaden my knowledge and skills in these and other technologies. I enjoy tackling interesting challenges and building things that can be useful to others.

<div align="center">

### 🛠️ Technologies & Tools

</div>

<div align="center">

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
<!-- Add more badges as needed -->
</div>

<div align="center">

### 📊 GitHub Stats

</div>

<div align="center">

<!-- Example Widgets: -->
<!-- Replace ChouetteSolaire with XanderClairmon -->
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=XanderClermon&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight)
<!-- ![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=XanderClairmon&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight) -->
![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=XanderClermon&theme=tokyonight)

</div>

<div align="center">


### 🎯 Current Projects / Goals

</div>

-   **Deepening Python Knowledge:** Learning asynchronous programming (`asyncio`), frameworks (FastAPI, Django), and best practices.
-   **Learning Rust:** Understanding ownership, borrowing, and developing system utilities.
-   **Open Source:** Contributing to projects I find interesting and creating my own.
-   **Portscan:** A modern asynchronous port scanner written in Python using `asyncio`, `typer`, and `rich`.

---

<div align="center">

### 📈 Activity

</div>

<div align="center">
  <!-- GitHub Activity Graph -->
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=XanderClermon&theme=tokyo-night&hide_border=true" />
</div>

---

Commit message:

Revise Current Projects and Goals sections
Updated project and goals sections in README.md for clarity and organization.

README.md, after:

<!-- README.md for GitHub Profile -->

<div align="center">

# 👋 Hi, I'm Xander Clermon!

</div>

---

<div align="center">

### 🧠 About Me

</div>

Hello! 👋 I'm a junior developer passionate about creating efficient and elegant solutions. Currently, I am actively learning **Python** and **Rust**, aiming to broaden my knowledge and skills in these and other technologies. I enjoy tackling interesting challenges and building things that can be useful to others.

<div align="center">

### 🛠️ Technologies & Tools

</div>

<div align="center">

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)
![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
<!-- Add more badges as needed -->
</div>

<div align="center">

### 📊 GitHub Stats

</div>

<div align="center">

<!-- Example Widgets: -->
<!-- Replace ChouetteSolaire with XanderClairmon -->
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=XanderClermon&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight)
<!-- ![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=XanderClairmon&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight) -->
![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=XanderClermon&theme=tokyonight)

</div>

<div align="center">


### Current Projects

</div>

-   **NovaLab_V4:** This project is for the college laboratory. The project is a backend web application on FastAPI. It also features machine learning models trained using gradient boosting technology. The project is currently on hold.
-   **KeyVault:** This is a utility for creating a secure directory of files that can only be decrypted using a key located on an external storage device. .
-   **NetHawk:** A console UNIX utility for checking network ports, it also checks the process running on the port by checking the banner.
-   **Portscan:** A modern asynchronous port scanner written in Python using `asyncio`, `typer`, and `rich`.

---

<div align="center">

### My Goals

<div align="center">


### 📈 Activity

</div>

<div align="center">
  <!-- GitHub Activity Graph -->
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=XanderClermon&theme=tokyo-night&hide_border=true" />
</div>

---
